##### Important People: 

[[Byron Gloomfetter]] - Father, former adventurer, retired to start a family with former party member and wife [[Marisa Gloomfetter|Marisa]]. Lost use of both legs and right arm in a Quiet Dusk attack. Was “scout” of previous party (Rogue/Ranger). 

[[Marisa Gloomfetter]] - Mother, former adventurer, retired to start a family with former party member and husband [[Byron Gloomfetter|Byron]]. Lost use of left arm, is deaf in left ear and blind in left eye as she was heavily burned in a Quiet Dusk attack. Was “tank” in previous adventuring party (Paladin).

##### Important Groups
[[The Quiet Dusk]] - Cult found in the [[Darklands]] beholden to a foul creature known only to those who reside in their ranks. Kidnapped Aster as a baby and attempted to sacrifice him to expand the [[Darklands]] but was stopped by [[Byron Gloomfetter|Byron]], [[Marisa Gloomfetter|Marisa]] and the rest of their adventuring party. Attacked Aster’s house many years later in an attempt to exact revenge on them. Severely wounded [[Byron Gloomfetter|Byron]] and [[Marisa Gloomfetter|Marisa]] but were otherwise unsuccessful.

[[The Dawn March]] - Clerical group that is Aster is a member of. Provides shelter to those who have been hurt by and feld the [[Darklands]] and actively try to push back the darkness. The First Leader was commissioned to do so by the Cosmi, [[Ar'Ced Ani]] (Pronounced Are-said-any) not long after the [[Darklands]] came to be. Generally viewed as like, not a real faith or something by the other major churches because no one had heard of [[Ar'Ced Ani]] before the group started, but are treated fairly and kinda like a merc guild kinda deal cause they help out a decent amount by sending their agents out to do general jobs as like, commission adventurers. 

General [[Odale Falk]]- 5th leader of the Dawn March, his family was taken by a band of [[Darklands]] marauders as they were making their way across the countryside. Joined the Dawn March in hopes of exacting revenge upon the lands that took his family from him.

##### Old Members of Aster's Parents' Party:
[[Tolodore]] - The “Brain” (Gnome Artificer), he got together with Brianna after their group collectively retired.

[[Brianna]] - The “Brawn”, (Goliath Fighter), she got together with Tolodore after their group collectively retired.

[[Tsaen]] (pronounced “Sane”) - The Face, (Dragonborn Bard), he got together with a tabaxi man named Jade Fang who was a part of another party the Grim Glass Band frequently traveled and occasionally worked with after their group collectively retired.

##### Backstory
Aster was born to the retired adventurers [[Byron Gloomfetter|Byron]] and [[Marisa Gloomfetter]]. The human couple was astounded when their son was born a tiefling with chalk white skin. Neither of the two could recall having a meaningful enough interaction with a devil to result in a tiefling child. Sure they had slain imps and other lesser creatures of the Hells in their time with the other [[Grim Glass Band]] but besides that they seldom dealt with the extraplanar entities. Regardless, the new parents accepted their child as he was and loved him as any parents would. Though recently retired from their adventuring days, the Gloomfetters weren’t ones to turn down an opportunity, so when they were offered to aid in the settlement of a small “border town” at the edge of the [[Darklands]] and live there for free with the help of the local militia and pseudo-clergy [[The Dawn March]] they, against their better judgment, decided to make the journey. After days of travel, they arrived at the humble settlement, barebones but serviceable. It didn’t take long for news of their arrival to spread through the small huts of the spec of a settlement. While their exploits were nothing so grand that the masses knew them by name, their party had garnered a decent amount of renown and the few guards from [[The Dawn March]] were much more at ease with them there. The baby Aster, as the only infant, was adored by the whole of the settlement and was regularly being ogled by the townsfolk. While this put [[Byron Gloomfetter|Byron]] ill at ease, [[Marisa Gloomfetter|Marisa]] assured him that they would be fine. While true for the two former adventurers it was less so for their infant son. A sect of a long thought dead cult crept into the town and stole the child, thinking his pale white complexion was a sign from their sovereign that the time had come to expand the [[Darklands]]. [[Byron Gloomfetter|Byron]] was the one to notice his missing son, an unfortunate kidnappers setting off one of the many alarms the paranoid father installed. Upon exiting their humble abode, the parents found their little village had become a battlefield. [[The Dawn March]] had engaged the attackers who began causing as much chaos as they could to cover their tracks upon being found, ransacking the few storehouses the town had. Losing the kidnapper in the chaos and unable to stop the assailants from escaping with their son, the Gloomfetters called to their friends and former party members and donned their adventuring garb once more. With the aid of [[The Dawn March]] the group plunged into the [[Darklands]], navigating the all consuming darkness by the faint light of a stange candle found on one of their assailants' corpses. Before long they arrived at the cult’s stronghold, a foreboding ruin of a mansion of a lost era. While [[The Dawn March]] kept the majority of the cult at bay, the reunited [[Grim Glass Band]] stormed the halls of the wretched place, searching every room from a trace of their stolen son. In the depths of the mansion, the leaders of the cult were in the midst a meeting to determine how they should proceed as their first attempt was cut short when Aster’s mixed divine and infernal heritage seemingly dispelled the dark magics they were attempting to harness, drawing them in and converting them into something unknown to even the wisest members when they were interrupted by a member of the cult desperately trying to save what little of their ranks they could, before they were slain by the vengeful parents and their compatriots. Laying bare upon the table in the middle of the room lay their child, his pale skin marred by a still red scar flowing down his sternum and a shadow that flowed beneath his skin, fading into and out of existence around the baby’s body. Enraged by the sight of their son, wounded and crying in a orb of magical silence, the [[Grim Glass Band]] quickly set to work with [[Byron Gloomfetter|Byron]] deftly retrieving his son while the rest of the party slew as many of the cult leaders they could. When the dust settled they had found that two of the leaders had managed to slip away without a trace but the parents didn’t care, they had their son back and were resolved to never let something like this happen again. 

Triumphantly returning to their small village, they found it in ruins. There was an attack by a band of marauders who left little in terms of supplies. Seeing that the attempt at settlement this close to the border between the [[Darklands]] and the light had failed, the few denizens that remained left their trodden hovels as a reminder that the [[Darklands]] won’t be trifled with. Aster and his parents stayed with [[Tolodore]] and [[Brianna]] as they got back on their feet as most of the belongings they didn't bring in the raid were stolen by the marauders. It took sometime but before long they had found a place on the outskirts of [[Ambershire]]. There Aster grew up, hearing stories of his parents exploits and adventures, but never heard the story of his kidnapping. His scar was explained away as Aster, much to his father’s reluctance, accidentally triggering one of the many, many traps [[Byron Gloomfetter|Byron]] set up to keep their new home safe. As for the roving shadow that shifted beneath his skin, they told him he was born with it like how he was born a tiefling to human parents. This satisfied him for a while and he grew up like any other normal child would until the magic he absorbed on that day reared its head. 

At the age of 9 the shadows that swirled around his body coalesced into an unprecedented magical power, held barely in check by the small boy. The news of Aster’s newfound power eventually reached the ears of [[Odale Falk]], the current leader of [[The Dawn March]]. He approached the Gloomfetters personally, asking that he might see the child and observe the anomaly that his magic was. The young boy sheepishly showed off the swirling shadows that spread to the room around him and followed unceasingly, filling all who bore witness with a feeling of dread matched only by the [[Darklands]] themselves. Odale asked that he might take Aster with him back to the [[Darklands]] in hopes that he might prove to be the way to finally defeat the cursed lands that have plagued the world for as long as history told of it. The parents were staunchly against Aster’s departure, not trusting the elf man before them to properly care for their young son. [[Odale Falk|Odale]] was reluctant, but understanding and offered that when Aster came of age, he would have a place among the ranks of [[The Dawn March]] should he wish for it. 

Time passed and Aster grew, yearning to become like his parents in their glory days. At the age of 21, despite his parents' insistence, he took up [[Odale Falk|Odale]] on his offer, joining the ranks of [[The Dawn March]]. His time spent with the group was not as pleasant as he would have hoped. The few members that were present when he was rescued as a babe held him in contempt for the part of their enemy he held within himself, while those who knew the stories watched him with a sense of awe. Speaking of that day to him was strictly forbidden at his parents request and was upheld by all who knew the tale. He worked at his position under the watchful eye of [[Odale Falk|General Odale]] and the magically inclined who knew where his magic came from. Aster eventually learned to control his darkness through their help, using the teachings of their patron [[Ar'Ced Ani]] and a basis for his control. The power he contained seemed to grow as he learned control, granting Aster a tool that came to be feared by all but [[Odale Falk|Odale]] himself.

At age 23, Aster went to pay his parents a visit. It had been 2 years since he last saw them and had grown worried for their health. He approached the Gloomfetter homestead hoping to surprise his parents, having brought them some meager gifts he could afford with his meager allowance from the [[The Dawn March|March]].  What he found wasn’t the peacefully chaotic house he’d known his parents to maintain. The windows were shattered and the sound of combat could be heard from within, several of his fathers traps seen triggered, holding the corpses of strange figures garbed in clothes Aster didn’t recognize. He rushed into his childhood home, following the sounds of combat. He turned the corner into the living room just in time to see his mothers shield being blown to bits by powerful magic, searing the right side of her. Her scream of pain was the tipping point for Aster and the shadows flared around the room, snuffing out any and all light that filled the area. The assailants turned, panicked at the thought of a new threat to deal with having sustained more severe losses than expected and surrounded by a newfound darkness and dread they recognized from traversing the [[Darklands]] unprotected. They never saw the mace that struck them down. With each foe he struck down, the darkness grew more unruly and destructive, guiding his strikes in his blind fury. When at last the foes had been slain, the darkness dispersed, revealing the carnage that his rampage was. Coming back to his senses he rushed to his mother's side, appling the few healing magics he knew to his mother(TBC)