##### Backstory
Jensen was only 13 when he was gathering water from the local well. The [[Heralds of Entropy]], an underground mob of artificers, wizards, and alchemists that spread misery through the realms of existence, were testing their latest invention that led to the disaster that is simply known as [[Project Exodus]]. An eruption of conjuration magic caused by a singular magic device created a tidal flood to wipe out his hometown Norman, a cottage village just outside of [[Khaenri'al]]. A team of investigators found him cowering in a tree, his wings allowing him to survive the disastrous flood device.

“The Rift Wolves” are a private team of magic investigators owned by his stubborn grandfather. They were specifically not a mercenary guild, but a privately owned service company. Jensen was taken in by that grandfather and was taught how to dance in the air, which was the first step of inheriting “Vuelo de Espadas” the ancestral act of tumbling and twisting in the air whilst holding a weapon. He turned out to be quite the intellectual and agile talent, performing at very high speeds in studies and swordsmanship. It wasn't long before his grandfather allowed him to go out on cases with his uncle and aunt, Clamora and Michael Malik. Observing their actions and then soon helping them at a better proficiency than most of their men. When he officially finished his studies he began his fieldwork as a patrol warden and worked his way up to a Paranormal Investigator. Codenamed the Sleuthhound of Exol for his young gifted brain that hunted others like a dog, however, the inside joke was his loyalty towards his cunning grandfather and family that initially resented him for his talents.

The truth of the Rift Wolves is that it has immense power and scale, this station only being controlled by the Malik Clan. The Rift Wolves have a presence in most planets and realms, being a multi-leveled cosmic agency created to combat the Heralds of Entropy. Which have seen a lot of action in Drekigard due to the war throwing the lands into Chaos. They communicate and move through arcane rifts or portal devices installed into a building, which in Drekigard is in Khaenri’al, installed into the Observatory that his grandfather practically lives in whenever not orchestrating operations.

Later down his career when he created his own branch of Rift Wolves in Masneswell, the name would be changed to the Old Bloodhound of Exol. This would also be the time he meets and falls in love with [[Alexis Rose]], a winged Tiefling working for the City watch in Masneswell. Her father fell victim to a Flash Fire device created by the Disaster Herald. The two would meet while investigating his whereabouts and surviving an encounter with the devastatingly powerful mage. The two continued with their relations when dealing with crime in Masneswell too.

The end of the war would void the contract between the Rift Wolves and the crown, continuing on their own to investigate Raztal and the [[Heralds of Entropy]]. Until met with the new crown, who did not know of the Heralds that well but reluctantly agreed to let them roam as long as they helped on gathering info in Raztal. As well as their continued mission to weed out the Heralds in Exol including the Eclipse (Southeast), Shadow (Northwest), and Disaster (Northeast) Heralds.

At the current time, Jensen has put in 15 years of hard work into protecting others and trying to learn more about the Heralds. So far they have a general outline of how they operate and who is where in Exol. However, a very slippery one named the Shadow Herald is somewhere in the northwest region of Exol so Jensen was sent to Queensgrace. Once he found himself there he couldn't help but also chip in to help the town he was staying at, so he is known by a few to be kind-hearted if not a little brash.

Currently, Alexis is in Masneswell, Clamora is in the Capital, and Michael is in Khaenri’al with his daughter, son, and retired grandfather Kerrigor “Enzo” Malik. Jensen wishes to become closer to his family, specifically taking on a mentoring role for his uncle’s son and daughter in their studies and tutelage which he has tried a bit in their last few encounters. He has a general weak spot for kids and helps them if they are in trouble. 

In the will when his grandfather dies, Jensen will be left with enough money to live comfortably and the observatory his team uses as an operation hub/safe house. His uncle will keep the rest of the mansion property and will take over as head commander of the wolves.

##### Important People

